Hi Neha, 

During the interview loop with AWS, I realized how greatly Amazon values innovation, technical knowledge and making an impact with a key focus on customer experience. To show how I have demonstrated some of these qualities, I would like to share some data.  

I am excited to share with you, information about one of the innovative product that I built at Synack. This is a product that I am really proud of, since I was responsible for proposing this solution, build a proof of concept and lead the team to deliver it to production. 

In the last two days, it has received impressive coverage on Synack website as well as other media including Twitter. Sharing links to show how this is an innovation that will impact how penetration testing is conducted in a crowd sourced environment. The challenges with a geographically distributed crowd and penetration test targets, complicates security testing by the researchers. This solution aims to address a number of pain points for both researchers as well as the customers. 

This solution provides the following benefits (from the article):

1. Secure Workspaces —The trusted, secure crowdsourced testing environment available ensures all researchers perform all
of their security assessments from a Synack-managed workspace.
2. Compliance & Convenience—The LP+ feature can help with GDPR, HIPAA, and CCPA compliance, while enhancing the
ease of logging into the Synack testing gateway.
3. Data Cleansing—The customer has the option to delete all data in the workspace following testing.
4. Data Privacy—Data privacy is increasingly a concern with governments and enterprises alike, from Germany to Australia,
who want to use commercial enterprise software services. Testing in workspaces means a guarantee that your data will
stay in Synack-owned endpoints.
5. LaunchPoint Services—Complete visibility into the researcher’s testing activity. All actions are time-stamped for audit
purposes and available to customers. 

Here are some links that cover this soluion in detail:
1. https://www.synack.com/blog/introducing-launchpoint-plus-for-trusted-testing/
2. https://www.synack.com/blog/crowdsourced-security-now-delivers-enhanced-controls-for-highly-regulated-environments/
3. http://www.synack.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/LaunchPointPlus-2019.pdf

This is one of the recent, major changes I brought in the way Synack was conducting penetration testing.

Also, I would like to mention a novel idea that I worked on during my master's programme, which I really found interesting, innovative and technically challenging. This is a project I did for NASA in collaboration with CMU, which was part of a research that CMU was doing to enhance how first responders could collaborate in case of an incident. 

The part I am excited to share about this project is my contribution. I owned this OpenCV based application (developed by past research contributors) and converted this to a completely collaborative and web based application (think Google Docs of interactive maps). As part of this I also developed AirMouse - using the tilt of a phone to derive co-ordinates and thus control the mouse pointer on the screen. The solution uses accelerometer x, y, z accelerations to drive movement to next point on the screen. The initiatives I took not only changes the way people collaborate, it also makes the concept useful in real world vs being a proof of concept in the lab environment. 

More detail about this project are available on CMU research site :- 
https://sv.cmu.edu/research/Wireless/resilient-networking.html
(look for Hyperwall on this page)

The code for above is in a restricted github repo and I can share more details if required (including my commits / history etc.) The link to the repo is - https://github.com/cmusv/HyperwallAndroidRemote/commits/master 

I would be happy to further provide details on these or other areas I am excited about. Please let me know if you have any questions. 

Best Regards,
Gaurav

